It must not be considered that all music is a succession of de 
lightful sounds. Harmony, it is true, depends much upon the 
construction of the musical apparatus, but it depends still more 
upon the skill of the operator and the taste of the listener. 
Hence among the lowest insect tribes, many a rough, rasping 
note, though awakening no particular delight in us, serves as 
great a purpose as the more pleasant sounds. 

On any warm sunny afternoon, or evening, insect courtships 
take place in countless numbers under our very eyes if we would 
only use thern. What Katydid, which name the insect has borne 
for ages, still exercises the imagination of poets and philosophers. 
We hear it loudly whispered in trees and shrubbery, that some 
thing was done byKaty, but beyond that we are left in utter 
darkness though some poets have even attempted to unravel 
the mystery. 

Among still higher orders of animals, as our birds, we find 
the plumage of the male more brilliant, during the pairing season, 
and their songs more ravishing than before. At this time they 
charm the human listener, even as much as the delighted female 
bird. Even our barnyard cock, good chanticleer, assumes a 
bolder front, and echoes his joyous notes over hill and dale. 

Rising to mammals, man excepted, we shall observe certain 
sounds more or less pleasant, but still sufficient to fulfil the 
object for which they were created. 

Therefore from the human family, where music reaches its 
highest perfection, down to the lowest, and meanest insect that 
utters a sound, each furnishes notes to form the grand harmony 
of nature, in the great struggle for existence. To a cultivated 
ear, the peep of a frog, or the chirp of a cricket, is not less un 
pleasing than the monotonous humdrum of the savage, who rep 
resents now the place formerly occupied by the most cultivated 
nations of the world. 

The cicada or harvestfly, improperly called locust, is so 
familiar that its description seems hardly necessary. Suffice it 
to say, that from the middle of June to early autumn, this joyous 
little songster is heard piping away upon the trees. 

The insects especially known to us are the trumpeter {Cicada 
tibicen or lyreman, as it is known in Surinam, from its noise 
resembling the notes of a lyre, and the redeyed cicada, or 
seventeenyear locust . septendecim . There is a third . 
canicularis which appears during dogdays only. Its inferior 
aspect is covered with a substance resembling meal. 

The lyreman comes to us in a garb of green, and with wings 
trimmed with the same color. The redeyed cicada is clothed 
in red as the lyreman is in green. This last insect has been 
thought only to appear as its name indicates. But though less 
numerous than the trumpeter, the redeyed locusts may be found 
during every year, though in different regions of our country, its 
name .to the contrary notwithstanding. 

But it is the cicada's song, which chiefly interests us now — its 
noise if you will have it so. In some countries where the 
harvestfly abounds for all species of it sing in the same way 
its stridulent noise is in some instances almost deafening, and 
may be heard a mile off. But our cicada, I am happy to say, is 
not so annoying. 

The males alone are provided with the musical apparatus. This 
fact led a very satirical Greek, Zenarchos by name, to exclaim, I 
fear, not in a very gallant manner : 

Are not cicadas truly blest 
By not a female voice oppressed. 

The ancients speak of them in the most flattering terms. So 
much did they please our Greek and Roman friends, that they 
were kept in cages, as one would pet a bird. 

The Athenian ladies wore gold cicadas in their hair as orna 
ments. A toy cicada, sitting upon a harp, was an emblem of the 
science of music. 

But the cicada was not alone beloved for its song. They were 
also served up as dainty morsels to Athenian epicures. A shrewd 
old philosopher remarked, that cicadas were good in the pupa state, 
but better when served up full grown, especially the females, just 
before they have deposited their eggs. 

From historians and philosophers we pass to the poets. Their 
praises and similes here are legion. Homer compares garrulous 
old men 

 To the cicadas, which infest 
The woodlands, and sitting upon the trees 
Utter a delicate voice.  

And Virgil, 

And shrill cicadas all the woodland tire Southey.  

which leaves it apparent to our minds, that their music did not 
strike our poet as being very melodious. 

Since we hear the cicada generally during the hottest part of 
the day, Virgil says again : 

 Under a scorching sun the woods resound 
With shrill cicadas' notes. 

In fine, no praises seemed too extravagant to lavish upon the 
harvestfly. The ancients called themthe love of the Muses, 
 Sweet prophet of summer, etc. They likened them to the gods. 
No sound seemed to awaken in their minds memories so pleasant, 
as the truly delicate voice of the cicada. We can, perhaps, sym 
pathize with them here, when we hear the peeping of the frogs at 
the opening of spring, the glad token that the long and cold winter 
is past. Especially can we feel such emotions when we hear them 
after a long absence from home. 

Antipater is said to have preferred the notes of the cicada to 
the swan's. But all others' praises fall short, compared with what 
Anacreon bestows upon our little friend. And truly most raptur 
ously he sings 

 Oh thou of all creation hlest, 
Sweet insect I that delight'st to rest 
Upon the wild wood's leafy tops, 
To drink the dew that morning drops, 
And chirp thy song with such a glee, 
That happiest kings may envy thee I 
Whatever decks the velvet field, 
Whate'er the circling seasons yield, 
Whatever buds, whatever blows, 
For thee it buds, for thee it grows. 
Nor yet art thou the peasant's fear, 
To him thy friendly notes are dear 
For thou art mild as matin dew, 

THE SONG OF THE CICADA. 

And still, when summer's flowery hue 
Begins to paint the bloomy plain, 
We hear thy sweet prophetic strain 
Thy sweet prophetic strain we hear, 
And bless the notes, and thee revere  
The Muses love thy shrilly tone 
Apollo calls thee all his own 
'Twas he who gave that voice to thee, 
'Tis he who tunes thy minstrelsy. 
Unworn by ages' dim decline, 
The fadeless blooms of youth are thine. 
Melodious insect I child of earth I 
In wisdom mirthful, wise in mirth : 
Exempt from every weak decay, 
That withers vulgar minds away 
With not a drop of blood to stain, 
The current of thy purer vein, 
So blest an age is passed by thee. 
Thou seem'st a little deity.

Now after singing the praises of our little friend, the cicada, 
in not, I hope, too extravagant a vein, we pass to a brief de 
scription of his singing apparatus, and learn how he makes his 
music, and see how, wonderful and complicated that organ really 
is. 

Reaumur made numerous dissections of the cicada, and was 
the first to describe accurately the mode of production of its 
music. But as these dissections can easily be made, and the 
insects plenty, each one may investigate quite well for himself. A 
careful examination of the insect is however necessary, as the 
whole musical apparatus is within the abdomen in the first ring. 

Upon the abdomen of the male, are seen two close fitting scales, 
rounded at the free end, and straight where they join the body. 
These can be lifted to a considerable degree, but prevented to 
too great an extent by two projections which serve to keep the 
valves or opercula more properly in place. Removing the 
valve, we observe beneath a cell, a little box, so to say, at the 
bottom of which lies a circular membrane of exceeding thinness, 
and presenting all the colors of the rainbow. Reaumur calls it 
the mirror. It resembles the drum of the ear, and affords much 
pleasure even in a cursory examination. Imagine for the time 
two cells, with each a window opening into the internal parts of 
the body, and concealing machinery which works the apparatus. 
Each cell is divided into three parts by a triangular plate the 
upper boundary being a semilunar membrane, which may be contracted or relaxed at the pleasure of the insect, and the part 
containing the mirror. But the real organ is only seen from the 
back. It is found a little below the external covering of the ani 
mal, directly facing the membranous drumhead in the first cavity. 
It consists of a very thin membrane, wrinkled, and can be moved 
back and forth within its circumference, causing a snapping noise, 
something like the sounds given out by the live insect. Attached 
beneath each drumhead are fibres of muscle, which join near the 
inside edge of the mirrors, and form one, which is inserted to the 
back. If we pull one, or botli these muscles, the well known 
sound is emitted. When these muscles are contracted or pulled, 
the drumhead falls in and when relaxed, the drumhead springs 
into position by its own elasticity. We can therefore imagine 
how, when these muscles are contracted with sufficient rapidity, 
the insect sings his song. The musical instrument is therefore, 
simply a little drum. The sound passes through the first cell, 
and its pitch is regulated by the movable semilunar membrane. 
Then striking against the mirror the sound may be reinforced 
and then passes out by the valves which regulate its intensity in 
some manner. For on pressing the valves closely to the body, 
little sound, if any, is emitted raise up the valves as high as pos 
sible and the sound is most intense. 

The insect may be kept captive for some time, and in this con 
dition much may be learned from actual observation. Boys in 
Surinam fasten straws to the cicadas and run with them through 
the streets. Itsnoisehas , been compared to the sound given 
out by whirling a piece of cardboard attached to a string, rapidly 
through the air. 

The cicada, though as in the seventeenyear species maturing 
for several years, lives but for a brief season. With the expiring 
summer he takes his leave, and testifies with his lingering life, a 
glad song which grows feebler and feebler, till finally it dies away 
sadly but beautiful like the summer he carries with him. 